This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

This program is based on and uses code by Jérôme Parent-Lévesque
licensed under the Expat License, the copyright and permission notice
for which are included below. This program is not licensed under the
Expat License, and the Expat License does not apply to any code not
written by Jérôme Parent-Lévesque. The original, Expat-licensed code
can be accessed on GitHub at https://github.com/jeromepl/highlighter/
and the original copyright holder who wrote said code can be accessed
on LinkedIn at https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeromepl

The icon images used in the program ('add_color.svg',
'change_color.svg', 'copy.svg', 'cursor.svg', 'delete.svg', and
'display_color.svg') are based on the GNOME Foundation's Adwaita Icon
Theme, which is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public Licence,
which allows derivative works to be distributed under the standard GNU
General Public License. As such, the icons included in the program are
licensed under the GNU GPL. The original, LGPL-licensed icons can be
accessed on GitLab at https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/adwaita-icon-theme/
and the GNOME Foundation can be accessed on their website at
https://foundation.gnome.org/

Copyright (c) 2020 Jérôme Parent-Lévesque

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
